1. Netbeans

NetBeans is an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing primarily with Java, 
but also with other languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5.[3] It is also an 
application platform framework for Java desktop applications and others.
The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, 
Solaris and other platforms supporting a compatible JVM.
The NetBeans Platform allows applications to be developed from a set of modular software components called modules. 
Applications based on the NetBeans Platform (including the NetBeans IDE itself) can be extended by third party developers
The NetBeans Team actively support the product and seek feature suggestions from the wider community. 
Every release is preceded by a time for Community testing and feedback.


2. Eclipse

This IDE is quite comprehensive and even similar to Netbeans in a variety of ways, 
including its use of Java and plugin architecture. However, Eclipse as an IDE comes 
in a wild variety of flavors, catering to various needs and objectives in software 
development workflows. The Eclipse Foundation even provides a comparison page to view 
the differences between the variants of Eclipse.


3. Komodo

Komodo is a comprehensive IDE that supports all major programming languages, providing 
a single tool that meets your development needs across the spectrum. Whether you’re working 
with Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, HTML, CSS or JavaScript, Komodo provides a clean, intuitive 
interface with advanced editing capabilities and integrated tools for the most functionality.


4. Delphi

Embarcadero Delphi is an integrated development environment (IDE) for console, 
desktop graphical, web, and mobile applications.
Delphi's compilers use their own Object Pascal dialect of Pascal and generate native code 
for 32- and 64-bit Windows operating systems, as well as 32-bit Mac OS X, iOS and Android. 
As of late 2011 support for the Linux operating system was planned by Embarcadero.[2]
Delphi was originally developed by Borland as a rapid application development tool for Windows, 
and as the successor of Borland Pascal. Delphi and its C++ counterpart, C++Builder, 
shared many core components, notably the IDE and VCL, but remained separate until the release of RAD Studio 2007. 
RAD Studio is a shared host for Delphi, C++Builder, and others.


5. JDeveloper

JDeveloper is a freeware IDE supplied by Oracle Corporation. 
It offers features for development in Java, XML, SQL and PL/SQL, HTML, JavaScript, BPEL and PHP. 
JDeveloper covers the full development lifecycle from design through coding, debugging, optimization and profiling to deploying.
With JDeveloper, Oracle has aimed to simplify application development by focusing on providing a visual 
and declarative approach to application development in addition to building an advanced coding-environment. 
Oracle JDeveloper integrates with the Oracle Application Development Framework (Oracle ADF) - an 
end-to-end Java EE-based framework that further simplifies application development.